My Diary

Chapter 1

This is my story; it's a sad story. In fact, it may be too sad for you so I will tell you another story instead~

Ohohohohoho! It's the beginning of a new ear! I meant - era! It's the beginning of a new era: the era of the wicked melon. There are blue melon, pink melon, purple melon and most of all, the rainbow melon! Every melon belongs to a particular color description. And every melon is happy about the color group in which they can find other melons of their color and to feel like at home. Everyone is happy. Until one day...

Chapter 2

The frog kind, Arthur the 39429th, of the Froggy land was got poisoned by a deadly poison in a evil melon. This evil melon was named Mewlow and it has a creepy cat-paw-shaped leaf on its head. It loves to poison frogs, especially Froggy land's frogs. And also Bizbuzz Tree's bees. As the day of Arthur the 39429th inevitable death comes, Mewlow escape from its color group and never come back.

Chapter 3

1290381092 years later, the space melon captain, Vladadop-G2 flies it rocket to the new farm on planet Bilibala. The newly colonized land was called The Great Farm of All Great Farms and Gardens and Forests and Parks and Washrooms. While it passes across the horizon of the closest Black Hole, it glances through the singularity and recalls the various theories that were successful in the past but was finally proven to be wrong last year. Irresistibly, Vladadop-G2 lets out a short laugher and soon got shocked when the round body of Mewlow hits on the display screen facing at it. 10101110110010000010101010101 01010101! Vladadop-G2 speaks its state of mind in binary. 

Chapter 4

Vladadop-G2, an orange-brownish melon, and Mewlow, a green-vomit colored melon, fall in love and marry each other. They get many kinds with wicked colors and have much fun poisoning the planet Froggyfog Frog' frogs. They henceforth live happily even before. 

The end!

Chapter 5

IT'S END ALREADY!

Ok fine, here's a really long and boring text because you want to test the scrolling properties of this webpage. So let's get started. Let's talk about my real diary.

June 16, 2014
I was born and the feel of my mother's blood covering my cheeks and stuck in my nail was exceptionally memorable - the only time ever when such intimate body with body mixture can ever happen. It's indeed a sacred moment for both of us, despite how she abhors the pain when I push her inside with my feet. 

June 17, 2013
I learned how to play a flute and how to dance on water. Notice that I couldn't have learned them without travelling back in time. I can see my mother's big belly. She had me since a few years ago. That parasitism was longer than what you think.

September 14, 1992
I don't know what to write anymore, because I need a big text, but it's hard to talk about a melon parasite inside of a frog if you haven't seen one before. And believe me; I have never seen a parasitic melon inside a frog - either! Today is weird. 

Ganuary 11, 1111
I misspelled the date. Let me redo it.

Chapter 5.2

IT'S END ALREADY!

And voila my long text
